### 06-10-19

Man, is this year flying by! I've got to put some time into my artspark project so this week will be a slow one for me coding-wise. This morning I wrote a little script to help my wife pick a winner for a drawing she did with her business. We had 266 email submissions as well as another 50+ Facebook & Instagram submissions.

I used a [CSV to JSON converter](https://csvjson.com/csv2json) to parse through the email list and convert that into an array of names. We then added to that array by using a simple html input I made. We entered the user name, and the amount of submission, and the submit button would push that (x) amount of times into the array of submits.

I then picked a random user from the array with the simple``` Math.floor(Math.random()*array.length)```

I also updated the styling of my calculator app, and reformatted my LinkedIn profile and resume to reflect my current career path.

#### Calculator update
Got to work on this for awhile tonight and encountered multiple bugs. Pressing "=" when current input or formula evaluated to 0 resulted in NaN. I fixed that. I am also implementing the ability to more intelligently use the decimal place. In the past I treated it as an operator and would not allow it after a regular operator symbol.

Now pressing "." after an operator will cause the formula to be built like such "4 + 0." or "4 x 0." and it will wait for the next number input to decide what the fractioned number should be.

Other Issues I need to work on:
1. Need to STOP the entering of multiple decimals in a number
2. Need to add "0." to formula and current input when "." is pressed for the first time after "=" or operator
3. Need to stop number from getting too large for its Screen
4. An operator should not be able to be entered right after a "." press

### [Continue to 06-11-19 -->](https://github.com/jordanvidrine/coding-journey/blob/master/Daily%20Logs/06-11-19.md)
